 

 

 

  

ete TANOACTONE ON KNOULADOE AND DATA EHGNEERIMG, VOL.T2, NO. 1, JANURRNFERAUARY 2600

Natural Language Grammatical Inference
with Recurrent Neural Networks

Stave Lawrence, Member, (EE, C. Lee Gites, Follow, (EEE, and Sandiway Fong

 
   

Abstract—The paper weanes Be nductainlerance of a comes grommas wh neue nttnarka enn, Pe skconsierad
{a het ol waking a petit dasely neural anquage sentences e8 groenatical of niga. ead extbtng he sume Kind
“et ecrmemtary pone, proven byte Fences and Parameters nis tarnewer, OF Govenenen-sr Ding Hoon, Newral
retort wre hated whose ison tia oma. ral companeesactatod ty Chomsky nen ater produce ha Barto
agra a nate speakers on Ena of eck. Hon a recor ned natok cues pastoas heads
‘apebity end he reporiog ol visas common MERTaM noua Rebwark artes Br anit, Tha peta ete alin,
‘herve wbich nolan rok plooen Remar ammure and kainlng wea intaty die, However af nplemerng waver

tacheiaues aed e improving ine Gctverpence 2 the qadond cectens badigropagatonttrengtre baling alarm, icant
lewsring wea posstio, wns lad ha cra archeechne ate bearable am an appropiate Grane, The epersion ol the
‘eee Bd Von aco anal, Pay, Ine aan of rosin the for ef deters hia state avtrita a eskyaiod.

Index Teeme—flecront naire! nanorks, rata lenquage proceststg, grmiclinfrance, goverment ang mtety,
‘aden davoer,emuAsted arnealng, plocpewand palate ramewerk, somal enact,
+

 

 

1 isrroouction

Tis paper conse the te of lanaiyng stra
Language senlences ag grammatical or ungeammatical, and the raining algorithm, and snvestigates rule extraction.

We attempt ts tain neural networks, wlihout the bilurca- This paperis organized aa fellows: Sectlon 2 provides the

additional networks, analyzes the operation of thenetworks

fon Inte Iesrned vs. innate components asmmed. by rotivazon forthe task aempied, Section 3 provides abe
Chomsky, to produce the same fudgments an native Introdoction to foraal grammars and grammatical hfe
Speake on sharply giommaticl/ungrammatiea dan. enge ard divers the dal, Seton 4 Ut the fecurenl
Only recurrent neural networks are Investigated for neural network model Investigated and provides details ot
computational reasons, Computationally, recurrent neuiat the deta encoding for the nelwerks, Section & presents the
networks are mote powerful than feabfonvand networks reels uf investigaion ino Yasha traning beursts and
‘nd seme recurrent srchtetutes have boon shown tobe at gwealgabarvof walang with simatwed annealing Scion 6
Yeast Taring equivalent (8), 154, We Jnventgate the presents the main resus and simulation details and
properties of variaus popular recurrent neutal network investigates the operation of the netwarks, The extraction
Secteur a partewlor Elman Narendra snl Parthase~ of us tote form of deterministic Rite tae aviomata
athy ONGP), and Wiliams act Zipsce (WZ) recureAt tnveigaed Section? and Seon 8 pretty a dscuction
retwarks, and also Fresconl-GoeiSoda (FG5} focally reeure ofthe results and conclusions,
tent ncteorta. We find Gat beh Elman avd WEE carve
beural networks ane able (fea an approprise grammar
her {implementing techniques for improving the conver. 2 MOTIVATION
Fore ci is ee, decal Lael cpp 24 Represents! Power
throughitme wining algritim, We analyte de operon Nawal language ae lon of uh
St the networks and invealigate a rue approximation of Neltcne aNSetauas an memebers, The oe
what the recurrent network has Iramed—~specitcally Ihe Sumesful noctaaticlangatge models hve been Bast on
extraction of rides in the form of determinkstc Finite 93K Srie-atate descriptions such as v-prams ec hidden Markov
amtomuta. ndels. Hos » Enite-state models cannot
revit work hat compated near wore WH. Nevnige muta ae fred ata gute GS
other machine loming pandigges on vhs probleor—thie tn the past Foe yeara several recurrent Neots twork
~ arcllocures have eaweged which have been sed for
work foeies om rcurent peueal nat, investigates Srommmatical infernee [9 {21 19 20} (68) Recurrent
‘evrol networks have been wad for svete smaller natura
1 Te aston ae th NCC. Rte Voit, $ ndgenine Way, HOQEABE problems, og, papers usitg the Flrian network
Preteen NUS Reon tend, + Rolaendee eae (ee angmage tasks tncudes (1 321 £243, 158), $59)
Came: Harrower, pie suiuligayNiecaurch a anc com. Neural network models have been shawn to be able to
Aout med 4 Ra 196 ied 18 Sp 9 et 2 :
foe 1 Yonica einstein a hn fe

Far Uiooasion on eating rpc of tis ls, pie tau om bx Mote deo cee ibe bale hae koran hal ede TN
eden teg mu cr LEGS Leg Aner JOKE, “Agoeton locos nip prec fn relaely ae pom OR

‘omasinnonmen mnt

  

 

    

 
   
   
   
   
      
 
    
   
    

   

  

   

  
 
 

    
 

   

 
